# VTPHOST         Z7FPGA_FIRMWARE        V7FPGA_FIRMWARE

trig2vtp          fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_gt.bin

adcecal1vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_ecs.bin
adcecal2vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_ecs.bin
adcecal3vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_ecs.bin
adcecal4vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_ecs.bin
adcecal5vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_ecs.bin
adcecal6vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_ecs.bin

adcpcal1vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_pcs.bin
adcpcal2vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_pcs.bin
adcpcal3vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_pcs.bin
adcpcal4vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_pcs.bin
adcpcal5vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_pcs.bin
adcpcal6vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_pcs.bin

adcft1vtp         fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_ftcal1.bin
adcft2vtp         fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_ftcal2.bin
adcft3vtp         fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_fthodo.bin

adcctof1vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_htccs.bin
adccnd1vtp        fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_cnd.bin

adcftof1vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_ftof.bin
adcftof2vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_ftof.bin
adcftof3vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_ftof.bin
adcftof4vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_ftof.bin
adcftof5vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_ftof.bin
adcftof6vtp       fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_ftof.bin

dc11vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc12vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc13vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc21vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc22vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc23vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc31vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc32vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc33vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc41vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc42vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc43vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc51vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc52vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc53vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc61vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc62vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin
dc63vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_dc_data.bin

hps1vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_hps.bin
hps2vtp           fe_vtp_hallb_z7.bin    fe_vtp_hallb_v7_hps.bin

